i think this is this is such a hard
thing
to define or even admit
[Music]
throughout my career i've lived with an
eating disorder called bulimia
and despite being in the public eye for
years i've managed to keep it hidden
i still find it had to say bulimia i
used to dance around instead of being
sick
i've done it i've done it this year it's
not right is it
i know it's done right but i can't say
it for say that this is gonna stop
or when it'll happen again i i don't
know
old trafford my home ground where i
played since i was nine
this is the chances at lancaster and to
walk out for england
in front of your home crowd family
friends people who'd seen you
i was excited but england's preparations
have been overshadowed by speculation
about the fitness
of andrew flintoff that's when i started
i reckon that's when i became a were
that i put this weight on the headline
writers have been cruel to andrew
flintoff
claiming his weight has affected his
form
i got nailed in the press as a 20 year
old
hammered for being fat and then after
that i felt like everyone was watching
me
i became known as a fat cricketer really
that was horrible
that's when i started doing it
apart from my own experience i know
nothing about it
and part of me doesn't want to know
because i've i've been living with this
and gone through it for a long time
but i'm 42
four kids i think i should
i think i should find how
oh fred hello nice to meet you so much
i've been dealing with the same cycle
for years i'd sit on the train
going into work and you think that
everyone is looking at you yeah
you found bastard kind of thing it's
just no way to go through life
i i'd assume i think i got a kicking in
the press for being fat
and after that i thought everyone was
looking at me when i go shopping
everyone's looking nobody was the other
thing is well i don't know if it's for
being
a block you feel that you should be able
to stop it
yeah it sounds weird to say but there's
an extra like
little bit of shame on top of it women
seek help and they're encouraged to do
that but men are very much
supposed to be able to cope but of
course men
do suffer from this and there's lots of
men out there that are struggling
and unfortunately it's stigmatized as
more of a
female illness don't fall at the trap
that i did of thinking that
it's not serious enough or i'm not doing
it often enough to warrant doing it
i don't know if it's not i think i don't
think it's serious nothing because it is
but whether i'm getting all defensive
i've crossed my arms
um i didn't expect a conversation
with you and have so many things hit
home to me
and then me learn off you i didn't
expect that well
thanks for saying that you know yeah
anything that if
if i if someone like me well i don't
know why i'm well enough i never cry
well at well never do